c:\users\vigan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\TestingConsole.exe.config
c:\users\vigan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\TestingConsole.exe
c:\users\vigan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\TestingConsole.pdb
c:\users\vigan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\obj\Debug\TestingConsole.exe
c:\users\vigan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\obj\Debug\TestingConsole.pdb
c:\users\vigan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\DB Context\DMSDB.mdf
c:\users\vigan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\DB Context\DMSDB_log.ldf
c:\users\vigan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\Helpers.dll
c:\users\vigan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\Model.dll
c:\users\vigan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\Repository.dll
c:\users\vigan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\Helpers.pdb
c:\users\vigan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
c:\users\vigan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\Repository.pdb
c:\users\vigan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\vigan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\obj\Debug\TestingConsole.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vigan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\vigan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\vigan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Vigan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Vigan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Vigan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Vigan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Vigan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Vigan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Vigan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Vigan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Vigan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Vigan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Vigan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\Vigan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Vigan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\Service.dll
C:\Users\Vigan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DMS\TestingConsole\bin\Debug\Service.pdb
